Confidentiality
Eligibility to Participate
No automated testing or scanners


Rules of Engagement
Don’t mass create accounts to perform testing against our applications and services.
No destructive automated testing - under no circumstance should automated testing cause intentional damage to Tinder systems.
Don’t engage in social engineering (e.g. phishing, vishing, smishing).
Don’t attempt to extort us.
Don’t leave any system in a more vulnerable state than you found it.
Don’t publicly disclose vulnerabilities without our explicit consent.
Do respect our members’ privacy.
Do research vulnerabilities and disclose vulnerabilities to us in good faith.
Do be respectful when interacting with our team.
Don't leak, manipulate, or destroy any user data. Please only test against accounts you own yourself or with explicit permission of the account holder.
**Make Your Submission Count


Bounty Eligibility / Out of Scope Vulnerabilities

following would not meet the threshold for inclusion:
Vulnerabilities on sites hosted by third-parties unless they lead to a vulnerability on the main website / application
Broken link hijacking
Denial of service
Social engineering
Spamming
Homographs, RTLO, or other types of UI issues
Content spoofing and text injection issues without showing an attack vector/without being able to modify HTML/CSS
Click-jacking, or issues only exploitable via click-jacking
Disclosure of known public files or directories (.htaccess, robots.txt, etc)
Third-party vulnerabilities (e.g. Wordpress) that have recently become publicly known will generally be out of scope for a period of 30 days from the public release of an official patch or workaround.
Missing or misconfigured security headers which do not lead directly to a vulnerability
Overly verbose responses (errors, banners, etc.), which cannot be directly used in an exploit
Software version disclosure without proof of exploitability
Reports from automated tools or scans
Lack of certificate pinning, or HSTS
TLS/SSL version, configuration, weak ciphers or expired certificates
Lack of Secure, or HTTPOnly flags on cookies
Lack of, or weak, Captcha, or rate-limiting
Tap-jacking
Tab-nabbing
SPF/DKIM/DMARC related issues, including missing SPF records on subdomains
Scenarios that require unlikely user interaction and/or outdated OS or software version
Self-XSS
Login/Logout CSRF
Unrestricted file uploads without a clear impact, beyond resource consumption, DoS, undesirable content, etc.
Third-party API Keys/Secrets embedded in mobile applications, without a clear impact, as many third-parties require this for their own client attribution purposes.
The ability to obtain multiple promotional items by opening multiple accounts
Most GPS spoofing related issues
Attacks against corporate IT infrastructure (e.g. firewalls and their software)
Attacks against employees (phishing, stealing laptops, physical security issues, etc.)
Host header injection without a clearly exploitable condition
Mobile client issues requiring a rooted device and/or outdated OS version
Attacks requiring MITM or physical access to a user's device.
Comma Separated Values (CSV) injection without demonstrating a vulnerability.


Clickjacking on pages with no sensitive actions.
Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) on unauthenticated forms or forms with no sensitive actions.
Attacks requiring MITM or physical access to a user's device.
Previously known vulnerable libraries without a working Proof of Concept.
Comma Separated Values (CSV) injection without demonstrating a vulnerability.
Missing best practices in SSL/TLS configuration.
Any activity that could lead to the disruption of our service (DoS).
Content spoofing and text injection issues without showing an attack vector/without being able to modify HTML/CSS
Rate limiting or bruteforce issues on non-authentication endpoints.
Missing best practices in Content Security Policy.
Missing HttpOnly or Secure flags on cookies.
Missing email best practices (Invalid, incomplete or missing SPF/DKIM/DMARC records, etc.).
Vulnerabilities only affecting users of outdated or unpatched browsers [Less than 2 stable versions behind the latest released stable version].
Software version disclosure / Banner identification issues / Descriptive error messages or headers (e.g. stack traces, application or server errors).
Public Zero-day vulnerabilities that have had an official patch for less than 1 month will be awarded on a case by case basis.
Open redirect - unless an additional security impact can be demonstrated.
Issues that require unlikely user interaction.
